Update SQL/PPL multiple value field limitation (#8646)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/sql/settings.md

`plugins.query.memory_limit` | 85% | Configures the heap memory usage limit for the circuit breaker of the query engine.
`plugins.query.size_limit` | 200 | Sets the default size of index that the query engine fetches from OpenSearch.
`plugins.query.datasources.enabled` | true | Change to `false` to disable support for data sources in the plugin.

> `plugins.query.field_type_tolerance` | true | set to false, then an array is reduced to the first non array value of any level of nesting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`plugins.query.field_type_tolerance` | true | If `false`, then an array is reduced to the first non-array value at any nesting level. For example, `[[1, 2], [3, 4]]` will be reduced to `1`. 
```

Author: done.

> `plugins.query.field_type_tolerance` | true | set to false, then an array is reduced to the first non array value of any level of nesting.

Reviewer: Can we add info about what happens if this setting is `true`? Does OpenSearch still accept the array without attempting to reduce it to a single element? And what is the default?

Author: add settingt is true description, https://github.com/opensearch-project/documentation-website/pull/8646/files#diff-9d8dd46675baec61a9c50d9e2bb1054470a532c39ae8752e1f4e48b3e49c780eR82
default value is true.

more example in https://github.com/opensearch-project/sql/blob/main/docs/user/admin/settings.rst#plugins-query-field-type-tolerance

> `plugins.query.field_type_tolerance` | true | If `false`, then an array is reduced to the first non-array value at any nesting level. For example, `[[1, 2], [3, 4]]` will be reduced to `1`. If `true`, then an array is preserved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`plugins.query.field_type_tolerance` | true | If `false`, then an array is reduced to the first non-array value at any nesting level. For example, `[[1, 2], [3, 4]]` will be reduced to `1`. If `true`, then the array is preserved. Default is `true`.
```
